A2-A
a. Design and Develop SQL DDL statements which demonstrate the use of SQL
objects such as Table, View, Index, Sequence, Synonym, different constraints etc.
A2-B. Write at least 10 SQL queries on the suitable database application using SQL DML
statements.
A3
SQL queries all types join sub queries and view
A4
Consider Tables:
1. Borrower (Roll_no, Name, DateofIssue, NameofBook, Status)
2. Fine (Roll_no, Date, Amt)
Accept Roll_no & NameofBook from user.
 Check the number of days (from date of issue),
 If days are between 15 to 30 then fine amount will be Rs 5per day.
 If no. of days>30, per day fine will be Rs 50 per day & for days less than 30,
Rs. 5 per day.
 After submitting the book, status will change from I to R.
 If condition of fine is true, then details will be stored into fine table.
 Also handles the exception by named exception handler or user define
exception handler.
A5
Write a PL/SQL code block to calculate the area of a circle for a value of radius
varying from 5 to 9. Store the radius and the corresponding values of calculated area
in an empty table named areas, consisting of two columns, radius and area.
A6
Write a Stored Procedure namely proc_Grade for the categorization of student.
If marks scored by students in examination is <=1500 and marks>=990 then student
will be placed in distinction category if marks scored are between 989 and 900
category is first class, if marks 899 and 825 category is Higher Second Class
Write a PL/SQL block to use procedure created with above requirement.
Stud_Marks(name, total_marks)
 Result(Roll,Name, Class)
 A7
 Write a PL/SQL block of code using parameterized Cursor that will merge the
data available in the newly created table N_RollCall with the data available in the
table O_RollCall. If the data in the first table already exist in the second table then
that data should be skipped.
A8
Write a database trigger on Library table. The System should keep track of the
records that are being updated or deleted. The old value of updated or deleted
records shouldbe added in Library_Audit table.
A9
 Write a program to implement MYSQL/Oracle database connectivity with any
front end language to implement Database navigation operations (add, delete, edit
etc).
B1
Design and Develop MongoDB Queries using CRUD operations. (Use CRUD
operations, SAVE method, logical operators etc)
B2
Design and Develop MongoDB Queries using aggregation and indexing with
suitable example using MongoDB.
B3
Implement Map reduces operation with suitable example using MongoDB.
B4
Write a program to implement MongoDB database connectivity with any front
end language to implement Database navigation operations (add, delete, edit etc)